1. In the below elements which of them are values or an expression? eg:- values can be
   integer or string and expressions will be mathematical operators.
   *
   'hello'
   -87.8
   -
   /
   +
   6
ans:  values- hello , -87.8 , 6 
      Rest all are the expression.

2. What is the difference between string and variable?

ans: A variable can be any type (int , float,string) but when we are specifing that the variable is the string type then we cannot store any other data type
    like int or float.
    String is the array of bytes representing the unicode character . String is immutable.

3. Describe three different data types.

ans: 1.Numeric Data Type 
     2.Sequencial Data Type
     3.Sets

     1.Numeric Data Type: This data type represents the data which have Numeric values like integer,float,complex Numbers.
     (a) Integers : This value is represented by int class it contain the positive and negative integer without fraction or decimal.
     (b) Float    : This value is represented by float class it store the decimal value or fractional value.
     (c) complex Numbers: This value is represented by complex class . It is represented by (real part)+i(imaginary part).

     2.Sequencial Data Type:   
     (a) String : String is the array of bytes representing the unicode character . String is immutable. It is the collection of one of more character put
                  under the single quote,Double quote or triple quote.
     (b) List   : List is like an array , but it is not necessary that it will store that same type of data. It is represented by [].
     (c) Tuple  : Tuple and List are almost similar but the only difference between tuple and list is that tuple is immutable where as list is mutable.
                  Tuple is represented by ().

4. What is an expression made up of? What do all expressions do?

ans: Expressions are combinations of values and operators and always evaluate down to a single value. 

5. This assignment statements, like spam = 10. What is the difference between an
expression and a statement?

ans: Expressions produce at least one value.
     Statements Do Something and are often composed of expressions (or other statements).

6. After running the following code, what does the variable bacon contain?
   bacon = 22
   bacon + 1

ans:23

7. What should the values of the following two terms be?
  'spam' + 'spamspam'
  'spam' * 3

ans: In first one we are concatinating the two string so the o/p will be spamspam.
     In the second one the output will be spamspamspam .

8. Why is eggs a valid variable name while 100 is invalid?

ans: Because the variable name cannot begin with the Numbers.

9. What three functions can be used to get the integer, floating-point number, or string
   version of a value?

ans: int() , float() , str().

10. Why does this expression cause an error? How can you fix it?
    'I have eaten ' + 99 + ' burritos.'

ans: Because 'I have eaten' and ' burritos.'  is the string and 99 is the integer . We can fix the error by converting 99 into the integer .
    'I have eaten ' + str(99) + ' burritos.'