1. Why are functions advantageous to have in your programs?

ans: Having functions in the programs increase the reusability. It reduce the effort and save the time also the code will look clear and it will be easy
     to debug the code.

2. When does the code in a function run: when it's specified or when it's called?

ans: when it's called.

3. What statement creates a function?

ans: To create a function we write the name of function and pass some parameter inside the round braces()
     add(10,5)

     def add(a,b):
       return a+b

     print(add(10,5))

4. What is the difference between a function and a function call?

ans: 

    def add(a,b):
       return a+b

     print(add(10,5))

    In the above example add is the funtion and we are calling the function from the print function.

5. How many global scopes are there in a Python program? How many local scopes?

ans: one global scope for a program
     local scope vary not limited.

6. What happens to variables in a local scope when the function call returns?

ans: The local variables will not remember the values that was previously stored.

7. What is the concept of a return value? Is it possible to have a return value in an expression?

ans:A return is a value that a function returns to the calling script or function when it completes its task. yes the return value can be in an expression.

8. If a function does not have a return statement, what is the return value of a call to that function?

ans: The value None will be returned.

9. How do you make a function variable refer to the global variable?

ans: If you want to refer to a global variable in a function, you can use the global keyword to declare which variables are global.

10. What is the data type of None?

ans:None is a data type of its own (NoneType) and only None can be None or null.

11. What does the sentence import areallyourpetsnamederic do?

ans: It will import the module name areallyourpetsnamederic.

12. If you had a bacon() feature in a spam module, what would you call it after importing spam?

ans: spam.bacon()

13. What can you do to save a programme from crashing if it encounters an error?

ans: Put that line which is causing error in the try clause.

14. What is the purpose of the try clause? What is the purpose of the except clause?

ans:The try clause lets you test a block of code for errors. The except clause lets you handle the error. 

